README.md, before:

# @react-native-community/progress-view

[![Build Status][build-badge]][build]
[![Version][version-badge]][package]
![Supports iOS][support-badge]
[![MIT License][license-badge]][license]
[![Lean Core Badge][lean-core-badge]][lean-core-issue]

ProgressBar Component for iOS (based on UIProgressView) and Windows.

| iOS | Windows |
| --- | --- |
| <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6936373/73007429-e09dd500-3e4f-11ea-85dd-ce06be668975.png" width="320"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42554868/87102503-fb4de580-c206-11ea-98f7-b9f911d115f8.gif" width="320" height="500"> >

## Getting started

```sh
npm install @react-native-community/progress-view --save
```

or

```sh
yarn add @react-native-community/progress-view
```

### Linking

- React Native 0.60+

 The package is [automatically linked](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/blob/master/docs/autolinking.md) when building the app. All you need to do is:

```sh
npx pod-install
```

- React Native <= 0.59

Run the following commands

```sh
react-native link @react-native-community/progress-view
```

#### Windows
##### Add the `progress-view` project to your solution.

1. Open the solution in Visual Studio 2019
2. Right-click Solution icon in Solution Explorer > Add > Existing Project
   Select `node_modules\@react-native-community\progress-view\windows\progress-view\progress-view.vcxproj`

##### **windows/myapp.sln**
Add a reference to `progress-view` to your main application project. From Visual Studio 2019:

Right-click main application project > Add > Reference...
  Check `progress-view` from Solution Projects.

##### **pch.h**

Add `#include "winrt/progress_view.h"`.

##### **app.cpp**

Add `PackageProviders().Append(winrt::progress_view::ReactPackageProvider());` before `InitializeComponent();`.


### Manual installation

#### IOS
<details>
<summary>Manually linking the library - iOS</summary>

1. In XCode, in the project navigator, right click `Libraries` ➜ `Add Files to [your project's name]`
2. Go to `node_modules` ➜ `@react-native-community/progress-view` and add `RNCProgressView.xcodeproj`
3. In XCode, in the project navigator, select your project. Add `libRNCProgressView.a` to your project's `Build Phases` ➜ `Link Binary With Libraries`
4. Run your project (`Cmd+R`)

</details>

## Usage

Import ProgressView from `@react-native-community/progress-view`

```javascript
import {ProgressView} from "@react-native-community/progress-view";
```
Add ProgressView like this

```jsx
<ProgressView
          progressTintColor="orange"
          trackTintColor="blue"
          progress={0.7}
/>
```

### Running Example App

#### Windows
1. Clone branch 
2. cd into progress_view and run `yarn install`
3. run `yarn add react-native@0.62 --dev` (React Native Windows relies on a version of react-native lower than iOS)
4. Start metro server with `yarn start:windows`
5. Open Visual Studios and open `example/windows/ProgressViewExample.sln`
6. Set to Debug x64 and start solution

#### IOS
1. Clone branch
2. cd into progress-view and run `yarn install`
2. cd into example/ios and run `pod install`
4. cd back into progress-view and run `yarn ios`

## Reference

### Props

- [Inherited `View` props...](https://reactnative.dev/docs/view#props)

* [`progress`](#progress)
* [`progressImage`](#progressimage)
* [`progressTintColor`](#progresstintcolor)
* [`progressViewStyle`](#progressviewstyle)
* [`trackImage`](#trackimage)
* [`trackTintColor`](#tracktintcolor)

---

# Reference

## Props

### `progress`

The progress value (between 0 and 1).

| Type   | Required |
| ------ | -------- |
| number | No       |

---

### `progressImage`

A stretchable image to display as the progress bar.

| Type                   | Required |
| ---------------------- | -------- |
| Image.propTypes.source | No       |

---

### `progressTintColor`

The tint color of the progress bar itself.

| Type   | Required |
| ------ | -------- |
| string | No       |

---

### `progressViewStyle`

The progress bar style. Network images only work on Windows.

| Type                   | Required |
| ---------------------- | -------- |
| enum('default', 'bar') | No       |

---

### `trackImage`

A stretchable image to display behind the progress bar. Network images only work on Windows.

| Type                   | Required |
| ---------------------- | -------- |
| Image.propTypes.source | No       |

---

### `trackTintColor`

The tint color of the progress bar track.

| Type   | Required |
| ------ | -------- |
| string | No       |

### `isIndeterminate`

Turns progress bar into an indeterminate progress bar

| Type   | Required | Platform |
| ------ | -------- | -------- |
| bool | No       | Windows      |


## Contributors

- [Kaiden Sin](https://github.com/kdenz) - [Passionate Product Maker and Coder](http://linkedin.com/in/kaiden)
- [Jesse Katsumata](https://github.com/Naturalclar)

## License

The library is released under the MIT license. For more information see [`LICENSE`](/LICENSE).

[build-badge]: https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/react-native-community/progress-view/master.svg?style=flat-square
[build]: https://circleci.com/gh/react-native-community/progress-view
[version-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@react-native-community/progress-view.svg?style=flat-square
[package]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@react-native-community/progress-view
[support-badge]:https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-ios-lightgrey.svg?style=flat-square
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@react-native-community/progress-view.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[lean-core-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Lean%20Core-Extracted-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[lean-core-issue]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/23313

Commit message:

feat: Add macOS support for progress-view (#42)
Co-authored-by: Eloy Durán <eloy.de.enige@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# @react-native-community/progress-view

[![Build Status][build-badge]][build]
[![Version][version-badge]][package]
![Platforms][support-badge]
[![MIT License][license-badge]][license]
[![Lean Core Badge][lean-core-badge]][lean-core-issue]

ProgressBar Component for macOS, iOS (based on UIProgressView), and Windows.

| macOS | iOS | Windows |
| ----- | --- | --- |
| <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/717674/90926972-0325ab80-e3a9-11ea-86e3-1f9ca6df60f3.png" width="480"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6936373/73007429-e09dd500-3e4f-11ea-85dd-ce06be668975.png" width="320"> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42554868/87102503-fb4de580-c206-11ea-98f7-b9f911d115f8.gif" width="320" height="500"> >

## Getting started

```sh
npm install @react-native-community/progress-view --save
```

or

```sh
yarn add @react-native-community/progress-view
```

### Linking

- React Native 0.60+

 The package is [automatically linked](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/blob/master/docs/autolinking.md) when building the app. All you need to do is:

```sh
npx pod-install
```

- React Native <= 0.59

Run the following commands

```sh
react-native link @react-native-community/progress-view
```

#### Windows
##### Add the `progress-view` project to your solution.

1. Open the solution in Visual Studio 2019
2. Right-click Solution icon in Solution Explorer > Add > Existing Project
   Select `node_modules\@react-native-community\progress-view\windows\progress-view\progress-view.vcxproj`

##### **windows/myapp.sln**
Add a reference to `progress-view` to your main application project. From Visual Studio 2019:

Right-click main application project > Add > Reference...
  Check `progress-view` from Solution Projects.

##### **pch.h**

Add `#include "winrt/progress_view.h"`.

##### **app.cpp**

Add `PackageProviders().Append(winrt::progress_view::ReactPackageProvider());` before `InitializeComponent();`.


### Manual installation

#### IOS
<details>
<summary>Manually linking the library - iOS</summary>

1. In XCode, in the project navigator, right click `Libraries` ➜ `Add Files to [your project's name]`
2. Go to `node_modules` ➜ `@react-native-community/progress-view` and add `RNCProgressView.xcodeproj`
3. In XCode, in the project navigator, select your project. Add `libRNCProgressView.a` to your project's `Build Phases` ➜ `Link Binary With Libraries`
4. Run your project (`Cmd+R`)

</details>

## Usage

Import ProgressView from `@react-native-community/progress-view`

```javascript
import {ProgressView} from "@react-native-community/progress-view";
```
Add ProgressView like this

```jsx
<ProgressView
          progressTintColor="orange"
          trackTintColor="blue"
          progress={0.7}
/>
```

### Running Example App

#### Windows
1. Clone branch 
2. cd into progress_view and run `yarn install`
3. run `yarn add react-native@0.62 --dev` (React Native Windows relies on a version of react-native lower than iOS)
4. Start metro server with `yarn start:windows`
5. Open Visual Studios and open `example/windows/ProgressViewExample.sln`
6. Set to Debug x64 and start solution

#### IOS
1. Clone branch
2. cd into progress-view and run `yarn install`
2. cd into example/ios and run `pod install`
4. cd back into progress-view and run `yarn ios`

#### macOS
1. Clone branch
2. cd into progress-view and run `yarn install`
2. cd into example/macos/example/macos and run `pod install`
4. Open the newly created example.xcworkspace in Xcode, build, and run

## Reference

### Props

- [Inherited `View` props...](https://reactnative.dev/docs/view#props)

* [`progress`](#progress)
* [`progressImage`](#progressimage)
* [`progressTintColor`](#progresstintcolor)
* [`progressViewStyle`](#progressviewstyle)
* [`trackImage`](#trackimage)
* [`trackTintColor`](#tracktintcolor)

---

# Reference

## Props

### `progress`

The progress value (between 0 and 1).

| Type   | Required |
| ------ | -------- |
| number | No       |

---

### `progressImage`

A stretchable image to display as the progress bar.

| Type                   | Required |
| ---------------------- | -------- |
| Image.propTypes.source | No       |

---

### `progressTintColor`

The tint color of the progress bar itself.

| Type   | Required |
| ------ | -------- |
| string | No       |

---

### `progressViewStyle`

The progress bar style. Network images only work on Windows.

| Type                   | Required |
| ---------------------- | -------- |
| enum('default', 'bar') | No       |

---

### `trackImage`

A stretchable image to display behind the progress bar. Network images only work on Windows.

| Type                   | Required |
| ---------------------- | -------- |
| Image.propTypes.source | No       |

---

### `trackTintColor`

The tint color of the progress bar track.

| Type   | Required |
| ------ | -------- |
| string | No       |

### `isIndeterminate`

Turns progress bar into an indeterminate progress bar

| Type   | Required | Platform |
| ------ | -------- | -------- |
| bool | No       | Windows      |


## Contributors

- [Kaiden Sin](https://github.com/kdenz) - [Passionate Product Maker and Coder](http://linkedin.com/in/kaiden)
- [Jesse Katsumata](https://github.com/Naturalclar)

## License

The library is released under the MIT license. For more information see [`LICENSE`](/LICENSE).

[build-badge]: https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/react-native-community/progress-view/master.svg?style=flat-square
[build]: https://circleci.com/gh/react-native-community/progress-view
[version-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@react-native-community/progress-view.svg?style=flat-square
[package]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@react-native-community/progress-view
[support-badge]:https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-ios%20|%20macos-lightgrey.svg?style=flat-square
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@react-native-community/progress-view.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[lean-core-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Lean%20Core-Extracted-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[lean-core-issue]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/23313
